oh go down didn't hear you come in
greetings and welcome to ask that guy
with the glasses
do you have an actual job if so what is
it and please describe it in detail
that's a very good question yes I do
have a job and actually it's not so much
what I do as who I do it for he is a
charming man with pointy horns and the
long tail he has me do all sorts of
things bad things mostly and whenever I
do a bad job he likes to torture me
however whenever I do a good job
he likes to torture me he's such a
goofball that way he also likes me to
serve as sort of a messenger now you
might be wondering what sort of messages
does he like me to send o things like
the benefits are good are you answering
no to this question banana
will you have my baby I already have
your baby I'm sorry I forgot to tell you
that you gave birth to him but that'll
teach you to pay more attention but
don't worry he has a very good home in
my side drawer
he's already speaking his first words
like help me or call the police and did
I mention he already knows his numbers
he won't stop shouting 9-1-1 anytime
soon I love that little bastard of mine
yes why so serious because I danced with
the devil in the pale moonlight could
you take a look at this Boyle for me
certainly just remove it from your body
and mail it to me it'll be a delight to
add to my Boyle collection I have Boyles
from all around the world
Chinese Boyle's English Boyle's Jamaican
Boyle's who those are tasty
I even have frozen boils from Alaska I
like to call them my little Eskimo pies
but they seem to like to call it unholy
and despicable but what did those stupid
Eskimos know I saw the movie North fifth
sick bastards getting rid of their old
folks on blocks of ice that's what I did
to my grandpa except we didn't have any
ice so I just stuffed him in the freezer
he didn't see that coming his 90th
birthday I can tell you that is the
meaning of Christmas what was the
question
if the golden ticket gets you into Willy
Wonka's chocolate factory what does a
purple ticket get you sillas wanna
cookie do I ever
if the Tooth Fairy loses a tooth who
takes it from under the pillow Nazis you
see the teeth of the Tooth Fairy have
very special powers they can turn any
person with Jewish blood into goat
cheese Nazis really like this so they
capture has made tooth fairies as they
can pull out every single one of their
teeth and use it to create their
diabolical machine simply known as the
cheese inator the only problem is they
don't know how to make it but that
doesn't stop them from beating the crap
out of those little tooth fairies god
bless those little Nazis it's a deadly
did you know that was one of those songs
that was cut from Mary Poppins
god bless the little Nazis but they
thought it might be a little too
controversial what what they're being
religion in it at all subject how'd you
get in here anyway how is the sky the
limit when there are footprints on the
moon you're an idiot
I suffer a Great Depression and I don't
want to live anymore
but I don't have the courage to commit
suicide will you please kill me by
shooting me in the head with a handgun
by the way where do you live this is
that guy of the glasses saying there's
no such thing as a stupid question until
you ask